c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\CSNET47Template.dll.config
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\CSNET47Template.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\CSNET47Template.pdb
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\obj\Release\CSNET47Template.dll
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\obj\Release\CSNET47Template.pdb
c:\users\work\onedrive\macbook\visual studio 2017\Projects\CloudSitesDefaultTemplates\CSNET47Template\obj\Release\CSNET47Template.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
